greetings or hello in orcish sorry I'm
looking for Frieda the daughter of God
don't sit let me guess they're here
very good how did you know let's just
say that not everyone who stops by 40
dresses in a wizard's road brings a
flying City and knew my father
she means welcome I'm sorry but her
courtly manners have slipped a bit in
the last place you know Duncan sometimes
you remind me of my mother
clearly she didn't spank you enough um
excuse me can we discuss how to destroy
the ARA yes sorry I guess you had a hand
in what just happened of course with the
help of one of those red priests once he
realized that he was helping the demons
he had a change of heart
headache their fertile magic is strong
with lies and illusions not anymore
the demons can no longer hide themselves
the illusion is shattered you'll find a
few new friends among the ex supporters
of the Queen I imagine keep an eye out
Zaheer you have done a great service to
the Griffin Empire today
we are eternally yeah that's fine don't
mention it no do we have enough troops
to attack now I don't know
scouts tell us the demons have been
summoning reinforcements and wolf stands
tied up at home
wolf Stan sounds dwarvish an old friend
and a great fighter he leads one of the
dwarf clans but he's been declared an
outlaw and army of dwarves I've always
been curious about their rule magic hmm
show me the way I'll have a chat with
your friends I don't know no we'll both
be needed here the demon illusions
destroyed the streets will be full of
madness that's it then
see you in Tallinn guard